# sandbox

Sandbox - JavaScript client for sandbox
This is a sample.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install sandbox --save
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing 
into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

Finally, switch to the directory you want to use your sandbox from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

You should now be able to `require('sandbox')` in javascript files from the directory you ran the last 
command above from.

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file, that's to say your javascript file where you actually 
use this library):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var Sandbox = require('sandbox');

var defaultClient = Sandbox.ApiClient.instance;

// Configure API key authorization: api_key
var api_key = defaultClient.authentications['api_key'];
api_key.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//api_key.apiKeyPrefix['api_key'] = "Token"

var api = new Sandbox.UsersApi()

var userId = "\"592f11060f95a3d3d46a987a\""; // {String} 

api.deleteUser(userId).then(function() {
  console.log('API called successfully.');
}, function(error) {
  console.error(error);
});


```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8080/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*Sandbox.UsersApi* | [**deleteUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#deleteUser) | **DELETE** /users/{user_id} | Delete the user.
*Sandbox.UsersApi* | [**getUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#getUser) | **GET** /users/{user_id} | Get the user.
*Sandbox.UsersApi* | [**getUsers**](docs/UsersApi.md#getUsers) | **GET** /users | Lists users.
*Sandbox.UsersApi* | [**postUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#postUser) | **POST** /users | Create a new user.
*Sandbox.UsersApi* | [**putUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#putUser) | **PUT** /users/{user_id} | Update the user.


## Documentation for Models

 - [Sandbox.Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Sandbox.Errors](docs/Errors.md)
 - [Sandbox.ReadUser](docs/ReadUser.md)
 - [Sandbox.ReadUsers](docs/ReadUsers.md)
 - [Sandbox.WriteUser](docs/WriteUser.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


### api_key

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: api_key
- **Location**: HTTP header

